Update documentation to align with the current implementation (#363)
canonical/charmed-openstack-upgrader: docs/reference/environment-variables.rst

Environment Variables
=====================

* **JUJU_DATA** - sets the path containing Juju configuration files (e.g. credentials.yaml).
  The default value is **~/.local/share/juju**
* **COU_TIMEOUT** - defines timeout for **COU** retry policy. The default value is 10 seconds.
* **COU_MODEL_RETRIES** - defines how many times to retry the connection to Juju model before
  giving up. The default value is 5 times.

> * **COU_MODEL_RETRY_BACKOFF** - defines number of seconds to increase the wait between
>   connection to the Juju model retry attempts. The default value is 2 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **COU_MODEL_RETRY_BACKOFF** - defines by how many seconds the wait between
  juju model connection retry attempts will be increased every time an attempt fails. The default value is 2 seconds.
```
